Nothing is impossible. Except Monday mornings.
You are not illiterate.
A comfort zone is a magical place where nothing ever grows.
Give yourself a break before you breakdown.
If a true sense of value is to be yours it must come through service.
Happiness is enjoying what you got. Never from what you want.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
Genius is eternal patience.
Follow the advice of your heart.
Follow the middle path. Neither extreme will make you happy.
Fight for it. You will come out on the top.
Failure is the tuition you pay for success.
Expect a change for the better.
Examine the situation before you act impulsively.
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
Curiosity kills boredom. Nothing can kill curiosity.
Common sense is instinct.  Enough of it is genius.
Call an old friend today.
Better ask twice than lose yourself once.
Behavior is a mirror in which everyone shows his own image.
Balance life with a little sweet & sour.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a BIG difference.
An unexpected check or fortune will arrive today.
An unexpected event will bring you riches.
An upset is an opportunity to see the truth.
Any rough times are behind you.
An important person will offer you support.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
An investment in yourself will pay dividends for the rest of your life.
An old wish will come true.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
All your sorrows will vanish.
All the little things will add to a happy journey.
All that we are is a result of what we have thought.
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
Act boldly and unseen forces will come to your aid.
6 out of every 10 people refuse to be a statistic.
a belief is just a thought you keep having
A bit of fragrance clings to the hand that gives flowers.
Absolutes are absolutely wrong
abstraction is a type of decadence
Abuse of authority comes as no surprise.
Abuse of power comes as no surprise
Acting without thinking can be awfully entertaining.
Actions speak louder than words... but nothing speaks louder than they who take no action
Adapt or die.
Ad astra per aspera.
A fine will be charged for wounding the library books.
A good man has few enemies. A ruthless man has none.
A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.
Alarm clocks kill dreams.
A little knowledge can go a long way
A little madness now and then is relished by the wisest men.
A little rudeness and disrespect can elevate a meaningless interaction to a battle of wills and add drama to an otherwise dull day.
All employees are forbidden.
All this foliage is obstructing my scenic view.
Almost half of them are BELOW AVERAGE
Always be ready to walk away from a bad idea.
Always store beer in a dark place.
Annihilate the adversaries with laughter.
An object at rest cannot be stopped
Are You Mad At Yourself for Not Exiting
a sense of timing is the mark of genius
Asking questions is the only way to get answers.
A suspicious mind is a healthy mind
Frogs are my favorite vegetable.
GET OFF THE INTERNET AND DO SOMETHING
GET OVER IT
Get paranoid to act fast.
Get ready for this.
Good luck on your exam.
Go places.
Go talk to that old weird guy at Dennys.
Government Complaints Box 📥
Happiness is a new idea.
Has to happen to somebody.
The poors are at it again.
Have a nice day. Or else
History is written by the winners
I can see you
ice cream is never the wrong decision
I found Nirvana. It was in my album collection.
If seeing is believing you have to be blind.
I saw what you did just now
It is forbidden to forbid.
It is happening again.
Knock yourself out.
Knowing is hard.
knowing yourself lets you understand others
knowledge should be advanced at all costs
Look for people picking their nose in their car.
Looks like someone divided by zero.
Look up.
MAKE IT STOP
Make weirdness normal.
Mashed potatoes can be your friend.
Never wrestle a pig. You both get dirty and the pig likes it.
Nice one. You got away with it.
Roll again.
SHHHHHH. listen.
My wife told me to stop acting like a flamingo.  I had to put my foot down.
What is Whitney Houston’s favorite type of coordination? HAAANNNNND EYEEEEEEE.
Why are gay people always smiling? Because they can’t keep a straight face.
Why did David Hasselhoff change his name to “The Hoff"?  It’s less hassle.
Why does Waldo wear stripes?  Because he doesn’t want to be spotted.
A man enters a pun contest in his local newspaper. He sends in ten puns, hoping at least one of them would win, but unfortunately, no pun in ten did.
Two hunters are out in the woods when one of them collapses. He doesn’t seem to be breathing and his eyes are glazed. The other guy whips out his phone and calls the emergency services. He gasps, “My friend is dead! What can I do?” The operator says “Calm down. I can help. First, let’s make sure he’s dead.” There is a silence, then a shot is heard. Back on the phone, the guy says “OK, now what?”
A priest, a pastor, and a rabbi walk into a bar. The bartender says, “What is this, some kind of joke?”
To be frank, I’d have to change my name.
I bought the world’s worst thesaurus today. Not only was it terrible, but it was also terrible.
Statistically, 6 out of 7 dwarves are not happy.
Why did the chicken go to prison?  Crimes.
A plateau is the highest form of flattery.
Why do ducks have feathers? To cover their butt quacks.
A termite walks into a bar and asks: “Where’s the bar tender?”
What do you do when your hot pants catch on fire? Put them out with your pantyhose.
The guy in front of me at 7-11 left his Breathsavers on the counter. The cashier said I could have them, but I have abandoned mint issues.
A drummer’s wife had quadruplets. He wanted to name each one Anna. She asked how they will tell them apart. He replied, “Anna1, Anna2…”
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
Why don’t chickens wear underwear? Because their pecker is on their face.
What’s green and has wheels? Grass! I lied about the wheels.
What’s the dumbest animal in the jungle? A polar bear.
A naked guy just dunked his balls in glitter.  That’s pretty nuts.
A Mexican magician told his audience he was going to vanish on the count of three. He counted, “Uno, dos…” and disappeared without a tres.
Why do scuba divers jump backwards out of the boat?  Because if they jumped forward, they’d still be in the boat.
Two cows are standing in a field. The first cow says to the second, “Have you heard about this mad cow disease? It makes cows go crazy and then they die.” The second cow replies, “Good thing I‘m a helicopter.”
What do we want? “Airplane noises!” When do we want them? “Nyeow!”
What’s the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi? People in Dubai don’t like the Flinstones but people in Abu Dhabi doooooooooooooooooo!
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What do you get when you combine a dyslexic, an insomniac, and an agnostic? Someone who lies awake at night wondering if there’s a dog.
What did one nut say when it was chasing the other nut? Im a cashew.
If Russians pronounce B’s as V’s then Soviet.
What was E.T short for? Because he had little legs.
I have many jokes about unemployed people. Sadly none of them work.
You can’t run through a camp site. You can only ran because it’s past tents.
Why’d the old man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well!
A man walked into a zoo. There was one dog. It was a Shih Tzu.
I saw a nice stereo on Craigslist for $1. Seller says the volume is stuck on ‘high’. I couldn’t turn it down.
How do you think the unthinkable? With an ithberg.
What do you call a broken can opener? A can’t opener.
What did the grape say when the elephant sat on it? Nothing, but it let out a little wine.
Why can’t the pope be cremated? Cause he’s alive.
Steak jokes are a rare medium well done.
The leper’s hockey game was cancelled due to a face off in the corner.
Have you ever smelled moth balls before?  How do you get their little legs apart?
What’s the best thing about Switzerland? Well the flag’s a big plus.
Where did Sally go when the bomb went off? Everywhere.
What do you call a deaf gynecologist? A lip reader.
When someone says they are cold, tell them to stand in a corner. It’s 90 degrees.
What’s Grey and not very heavy? Light grey.
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? Because it got stuck in the crack.
As soon as you find someone with 10,000 bees, marry them. That’s how you know they’re a keeper.
Did you know the original French fries weren’t fried in France? They were fried in Grease.
Do you know why Scottish people call it a kilt? Because they kilt the last man who called it a skirt!
Why can’t boy ghost have babies? Because they have hallow weenies.
I thought I picked a booger out of my nose, but it’s snot.
Be wary of stairs…they’re almost always up to something.
What does a dog eat for breakfast? Woofles.
What’s yellow and smells like bananas? Monkey vomit.
In order to spell Panda, all you need is p and a.
Why did the cowboy get a dachshund? Because someone told him to get a long little doggie.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It’s okay. He woke up.
Why did the sperm cross the road? Because I put on the wrong sock this morning.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
Want to hear two short jokes and a long one? Joke Joke Joooooooooooooooke.
