I intend to live forever. So far, so good. – Steven Wright
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you. – Steven Wright
I poured spot remover on my dog. Now he's gone. – Steven Wright
I bought some powdered water, but I didn’t know what to add. – Steven Wright
Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time. – Steven Wright
I installed a skylight in my apartment... The people who live above me are furious. – Steven Wright
I lost a buttonhole today. – Steven Wright
I used to work in a fire hydrant factory. You couldn’t park anywhere near the place. – Steven Wright
I have an existential map. It has "You are here" written all over it. – Steven Wright
I spilled spot remover on my dog and now he’s invisible. – Steven Wright
You can’t have everything. Where would you put it? – Steven Wright
I was trying to daydream, but my mind kept wandering. – Steven Wright
I bought a decaffeinated coffee table. – Steven Wright
I saw a sign: “Rest Area 25 Miles.” That’s pretty big. Some people must be really tired. – Steven Wright
I bought a house on a one-way dead-end road. I don’t know how I got there. – Steven Wright
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments. – Steven Wright
I have a map of the United States... Actual size. It says, “Scale: 1 mile = 1 mile.” – Steven Wright
I was walking down the street and all of a sudden the prescription for my eye-glasses ran out. – Steven Wright
I went to a general store, but they wouldn’t let me buy anything specific. – Steven Wright
I planted some bird seed. A bird grew. Now I don’t know what to feed it. – Steven Wright
If you write the word “monkey” a million times, do you start to think you’re Shakespeare? – Steven Wright
How do you tell when you're out of invisible ink? – Steven Wright
I got a new shadow. I had to get rid of the other one — it wasn’t doing what I was doing. – Steven Wright
I Xeroxed a mirror. Now I have an extra Xerox machine. – Steven Wright
My theory of evolution is that Darwin was adopted. – Steven Wright
If you were going to shoot a mime, would you use a silencer? – Steven Wright
I put instant coffee in a microwave and almost went back in time. – Steven Wright
I was born by Caesarean section... but not so you'd notice. It's just that when I leave a house, I go out through the window. – Steven Wright
Why don’t they make the whole plane out of the black box? – Steven Wright
I bought a ticket to nowhere… now I can’t find the train. – Steven Wright
I once bought a map of the world… life-size. I spent the next five years folding it. – Steven Wright
I got food poisoning today. I don't know when I'll use it. – Steven Wright
I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done. – Steven Wright
Curiosity killed the cat, but for a while I was a suspect. – Steven Wright
When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane. – Steven Wright
I was arrested for stealing a calendar… I got twelve months. – Steven Wright
I watched the Indy 500, and I was thinking that if they left earlier they wouldn’t have to go so fast. – Steven Wright
My friend has a baby. I'm writing down all the noises he makes so later I can ask him what he meant. – Steven Wright
I hate it when my foot falls asleep during the day because that means it's going to be up all night. – Steven Wright
I'm not afraid of heights. I'm afraid of widths. – Steven Wright
I installed a microwave fireplace. You can spend an evening in front of it in only eight minutes. – Steven Wright
I went to a restaurant that serves "breakfast at any time." So I ordered French Toast during the Renaissance. – Steven Wright
I used to be a narrator for bad mimes. – Steven Wright
If you shoot at mimes, should you use a silencer? – Steven Wright
I bought a camera with a telephoto lens, a flash, and a timer. All I need now is a subject. – Steven Wright
I think it's wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly. – Steven Wright
I once locked my keys in my car. I was so upset I couldn’t get out. – Steven Wright
My mechanic told me, “I couldn’t repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder.” – Steven Wright
I was born by Caesarean section… but not so you’d notice. It’s just that when I leave a house I go out through the window. – Steven Wright
I put a dollar in a change machine. Nothing changed. – Steven Wright
I’ve written several children’s books… Not on purpose. – Steven Wright
I saw a man with a wooden leg named Smith. I asked him what the name of his other leg was. – Steven Wright
I can levitate birds. No one cares. – Steven Wright
I bought my brother some gift wrap for Christmas. I took it to the gift wrap department and told them to wrap it, but in a different print so he would know when to stop unwrapping. – Steven Wright
I got a garage door opener. It can't close. Just open. – Steven Wright
I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died. – Steven Wright
I bought some batteries, but they weren’t included. – Steven Wright
I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights, so it looks like I’m the only one moving. – Steven Wright
My friend asked me if I wanted a frozen banana… I said no… but I want a regular banana later, so… yeah. – Steven Wright
I once bought a humidifier and a dehumidifier. I put them in the same room and let them fight it out. – Steven Wright
I invented the cordless extension cord. – Steven Wright
I connected all the TVs in the house to the same channel. Now I only need one remote and a telescope. – Steven Wright
My school colors were clear. – Steven Wright
I broke a mirror in my house. I’m supposed to get seven years of bad luck, but my lawyer thinks he can get me five. – Steven Wright
I went to a place to eat. It said “breakfast anytime,” so I ordered pancakes during the Renaissance. – Steven Wright
I bought a self-learning record. It taught itself to walk out of the store. – Steven Wright
I made a chocolate cake from scratch. I had to invent the universe first. – Steven Wright
Why is the alphabet in that order? Is it because of that song? – Steven Wright
I wear my heart on my sleeve. I wear my liver on my pant leg. – Steven Wright
I’m addicted to placebos. I’d give them up, but it wouldn’t make a difference. – Steven Wright
I got a paper cut from writing my suicide note… it’s a start. – Steven Wright
I once went to a drive-in in a cab. The movie cost me ninety-five dollars. – Steven Wright
I woke up one morning and all of my stuff had been stolen and replaced with exact replicas. – Steven Wright
I got a full scholarship with the Navy. They’re giving me a ship to go to school. – Steven Wright
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard. – Steven Wright
I just bought a microwave fireplace. You can sit down and be warm in thirty seconds. – Steven Wright
I think God’s going to come back before we’re finished. He left something here. – Steven Wright
I once went to a haunted house, looked under the bed, and found myself sleeping. – Steven Wright
I invented the wheel… but someone stole the patent. – Steven Wright
I once had amnesia… or maybe I still do. – Steven Wright
I once went camping with a group of psychics. We knew where the firewood was. – Steven Wright
I went to a fancy French restaurant called “Déjà Vu.” The maître d’ said, “Don’t I know you?” – Steven Wright
I tried to be normal once. Worst two minutes of my life. – Steven Wright
I made a submarine sandwich… it sank. – Steven Wright
I used to be a blackjack dealer, but I kept giving everyone 21. – Steven Wright
I met this wonderful girl at Macy’s. She was buying clothes and I was putting Slinkies on the escalator. – Steven Wright
I once went to the bank on my bike. I lost my balance. – Steven Wright
The other day I... no, that wasn't me. – Steven Wright
I like to skate on the other side of the ice. – Steven Wright
I put my car key in my apartment door. The building started up. – Steven Wright
I finally got around to living in the moment. It’s so last minute. – Steven Wright
I once sat on a microscope to see what I’d look like on a really small scale. – Steven Wright
My toaster has a setting that’s “burn.” Why? – Steven Wright
I just got lost in thought. It was unfamiliar territory. – Steven Wright
I once bought a globe and couldn’t find my house. – Steven Wright
